Full Name - Good Afternoon, My Name's Rebecca Moses Dmello, You can call me Rebecca!

Where are you from? Could you tell me where you come from?
- I'm from Mumbai which is located in the west coast of India

Passport please - This is my passport that I used to register, please take a look. /// Sure, Here you are

////
Unforgetable experience,.... Unfortunately
Well.. If I remember back to primary school or the high school... I have to be honest + opinion (I wasn't good at art and really didn't enjoy it that level)
..+ reason(Maybe I would have enjoyed it if I were good at it)

I liked old subjects including matehmatics and science until 15 and after that I would stay more touch on humanity. I really liked subjects like english
and literature

Teaching cooking for students at school... (Repeat the question if its hard)... and then (I have never considered that)
I think it would be a great idea like in case there is noone around they should know to make a simple toast sandwitch
////

Part 1 - Basic questions about personal self
1. What do you do for fun
For entertainment, I like to socialize, and meet my friends. 
Last night, I had a great conversation over dinner with Alex

2. Who do you like to spend your time with?
I like to spend my free time withmy family and friends, I feel comfortable around them, and I can be myself

3. How often do you travel?
Before the pandemic, I used to go outside of Vancouver atleast one a quater, either to visit relatives or friends in toronto
or just for sightseeing over there, but nowadays I'm mostly staying local

4. Where do you like to visit?
I like exploring new cultures, and seeing the diversity of new places. Last year I was in Australia, and it was a unique and beautiful place 

5. When is the best time to travel for you?
I think the best time to travel is during summer or spring, I get time off from school,
and the weather is very nice. Last year I visited greece during spring and had enjoyed the cherry blossom everywhere

6.What is your favorite way to travel?
I like traveling by car when going locally, it's comfortable, I can put music. If the destination is located far away, then I like to take the airplane,
bcz it's fast and convenient

7. Have you ever travelled to other places?
Yes, as I said I've been to Greece, I've also been around Europe and some places in Australia and middle east.
I am fortunate bcz, since I was a child my family goes abroad atleast once a year. Both my parents love to travel and explore places

8. If you could visit any place on earth, where would you go?
Ok, that's a tough question, bcz there are tons of places I would like to go to, but if I get to choose  to go anywhere, I think I would 
go to Antractica. It's remote and difficult to access but I heard it's very beautiful, and snow and ice are rare sights for me.

PART 2- card question (Brief - 2 minutes)
Talk about an important choice that you had to make in your life
1. When did you make this choice
2. What did you have to choose between?
3. Did you make a good choice or not?
4. How did you feel when you were making the choice?

=> Yes, definitely the most important choice that I have to make in my life, is to choose where to go for
my post-secondary education, I mean University.
I had to choose between studying in my home country, India, in Mumbai university, or to go to Choose a School in Canada.
So both decisions have their advantages and disadvantages.
If I had to choose mumbai university I would be close to my momdad, and close to my friends and family. Life would also
be cheaper, since I would not have to rent or bear any additional costs and would definately be able to fit in with the
school clture since I'm a local. However, if I choose to study in canada, that would mean that it would cost much more money 
along with culture shock and being homesickness. I would also learn new culture and make new connections in canada while having a better life
which would be very valuable for me.
While taking this decision, I was both nervous and excited bcz it would have a deciding factor on my future

PART 3 (6 questions)
What are the most common planned situations when people's lies changes drastically?
I think that the most common situations where peoples lives change is as I said, education, career goals, and marriage

What are unplanned circumstaces that can suddenly change a persons life? 
There are certainly unplanned situations that people have no control over, such as the loss of a loved one, an accident, 
a car or job loss etc

Are this positive or negative ?
It can be both, people get surpised by good news like expecting to have a child but in other cases it can be negative.


















