Topics:
https://ieltsliz.com/100-ielts-essay-questions/
https://www.ieltsbuddy.com/ielts-sample-essays.html

Art-
"Art is a pictorial or material representation of cultural values". In a very simple sense, art is a composition of colors 
and shaped to create an image. Art can be used as a form of communication, expressing the artist's emotions or thoughts. It can also
be a way of recording major events in hstory. 
It also became a way for artists to immortalize themselves after they pass away by leaving behind artwork that 
represents their feelings and aspirations when they were alive. Artwork keeps on changing constantly throughout time and always try to push
boundaries and express new ideas and thoughts.

Business and Money-
Money is crucial for running a business and it plays a major role in improving the viability of a business.
In today's world, money is important for living a happy and content life. 
Moreover, you can fulfill any of your dreams by spending money.
However, money alone cannot create a strong foundation for a business. There are multiple factors such as production, consumption,
public revenue etc which must be taken into consideration while analyzing the success of an industry. 

Communication and Personality-
Communication is one of the important tools that aid us to connect with people. Either you are a student or a working professional, 
good communication is something that will connect you far ahead. Proper communication can help you to solve a number of issues and resolve problems. 
Communication is a fundamental human function, which is essential for interpersonal relationships.In addition, the same person can interact in 
different ways at work with colleagues, at home with family, or at the university with peers.
The results of these researches show that personality effects on quality and variability of communication during interaction 
with different kinds of people in sundry social situations.

Crime and Punishment -
Crime is an intended behavior or action that goes against the laws of a society. In order to control the crime of human nature there 
are the laws with punishment have existed throughtout the centuries.Crime is an act that violates the law, while punishment is what
society mates out to criminals through the justice system. The main ideas behind crime and punishment are that crime is meant to be punished,
while punishment is meant to stop crime.

Education-
Education is the most significant requirement for an individual to grow and progress. It is also very important that education must be imparted from
an early age to get the maximum advantage out of it. It plays a vital role in transforming an individual completely.
Education is the way to enlightenment. It builds up your knowledge base, widens your thought and strengthens your power
to explore the world. Education is an effective and much needed tool to be successful, goal oriented and strategic in your life.

Environment-
An environment is the natural surroudings which help life to grow and nourish on this earth. It helps human beings, animals 
and other living things to grow and develop naturally. But now days, our everyday actions and decisions are negatively impacting the environment, 
causing pollution, deforestation, overfishing. We are disturbing our environment in many ways which affecting not only the environment but
all living beings in our ecosystem. For thousands of years, the environment helped humans, animals, and plants flourish and grow.
It also provides us with fertile land, air, livestock, water and essential things for survival.

Family and Children-
As the saying goes, “Family is the best thing you could ever wish for. They are there for you during the ups and downs and love you no matter what”.
A family is said to be the first school of a child. It is from here you start to learn how to speak, walk and interact with the world. 
At times, people feel that they are grown-ups and that their parent’s advice does not matter anymore, 
but that is not true. It is the elders of the family who at any given of time would know the world better than us and we should all respect our 
family members and love our siblings as well.
In a family, every member commits to other members in a mutual relationship.In a family, there has been 
established levels of satisfaction and happiness from the joy of being together. 

Food and Diet-
Eating healthy food is the main step of living a healthy lifestyle. It is very important for everyone to eat healthy 
because it can improve physical health by fighting diseases. It can also help to have good mental health and be happy. 
Additionally, healthy food can increase productivity and higher the performance in workplaces. 
So, healthy food is one reason of healthy living. Nutrients can be obtained in many foods and thousands of diet plans. 
It is important that people watch their intake of diet plans. Having an unhealthy diet can be a major risk factor for a number of 
chronic diseases including high blood pressure, obesity, and diabetes.

Government-
Government! You can't live with it! You can't live without it! It is the "common cold" that everyone dreads. 
One of the reasons why government is necessary is because without government we would have chaos. 
There would be no order and there would be no rules. Rules set the standard and keep things in balance. 
Furthermore, government is necessary is because it states the rights of a citizen.
Lastly,government enforces military action to protect the nation in case terrorism happens.

Health-
‘Health is Wealth’ is a famous saying that refers to the importance of health to us and reveals that health is wealth. 
As we all live in super-fast, crowded and busy time period. We have to perform multiple tasks throughout the day in order 
to earn more money however we forget that good health is as necessary for our healthy.
Good health is man’s greatest possession. A healthy person is one who can function up to his optimal capacity without any difficulty. 
Good health facilitates a lot of other body processes. Good health helps us to handle stress and combat with increasing pressures.
The Dalai Lama, when asked what surprised him most about humanity, answered "Man! Because he sacrifices his health to make money. 
Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; 
the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, 
and then dies having never really lived.” This signifies that individuals don’t prioritise their mental health to earn money.

Housing-
Around the world, house prices are rising at an alarming rate while wage stagnate resulting in a global housing crisis. 
Recent reports say that most countries worldwide are currently experiencing shortage of affordable housing. Rents are constantly on the rise.
Today an average income earner spends about a third of his income on shelter. Housing is a necessity for life; a basic need required for survival 
and so should be seen as a priority in all countries. Also, shortage of housing has led to reduced standard of living.

Media and Advertising -
Evolution of technology and multimedia has contributed to the rapid changes in the advertisement industry. 
Every organization around the globe is seeking new media opportunities as an easier and effective way of reaching customers. 
New media advertisement is enabled by the radical changes registered in the information and communication technologies.
New media advertisers use computer technology and other appliances to reach customers anytime, anywhere,
and on diversified digital platforms such as mobile phones and Internet. 
The decline in effectiveness of radio, TV and print ads has prompted sales personnel’s to devise interactive advertisement methods.
Advertising is an important social phenomenon. It both stimulates consumption, economic activity models, 
life-styles and a certain value orientation. Consumers are confronted with extensive daily doses of advertising in multiple media.

Reading -
Books are human's best friend. Reading is a very good habit that one needs to develop in life. 
Good books can inform you, enlighten you and lead you in the right direction. 
There is no better companion than a good book. Reading is important because it is good for your overall well-being.
Reading enable you to have a glimpse into cultures, traditions, arts, history, geography, health, psychology and several other subjects 
and aspects of life. You get an amazing amount of knowledge and information from reading.
Reading is an excellent habit that one needs to develop in the course of life.
Good books can inform you, enlighten you, and reading them will lead you in the right direction.

Society-
The term society has been derived from the Latin word ‘Socius’ which means a companion, association or fellowship. 
It is because man always lives in the company of his fellow beings. Society is a process of living not a thing, a motion rather than structure.
A system of social relationships is the most important aspect of society. Our participation in the social world can improve our cognition,
social, emotional and personality development. 

Sport and Exercise-
Sports keeps us healthy, wealthy and active. We can have a healthy mind only when we have a healthy body.
Physical and mental well being comes naturally when we involve ourselves in sports activities. Sports helps in
improving our overall personality and makes us more active and attentive. Sports can serve as a form of therapy and a tool 
in different aspects of life, which can help change the world. The lack of physical activity in our body leads to obesity and 
many other health problems such as heart diseases and so. 

Technology-
Technology is basically the way we execute the discoveries of science and blend it with our own needs. 
Technology is a general term used to refer to the different tools, machines and equipment we use in everyday life.
These tools and equipment have been invented by man to make the tasks faster, easier and more comfortable.

Since the invention of the wheel to the use of microchips in computers and mobiles, technology has come a long way. 
The man has reached the moon and explored the outer space just because of the advancement in the aeronautics field. 
Even in primitive occupations such as agriculture, there have been so many technological advancements with modern tools 
such as traction engine and steam tractor technology which has helped us make progress.

Tourism-
Tourism is a major economic activity that has developed significantly over the years. 
It’s an activity that can be recognized in both developed and developing nations. 
In general terms, tourism is the movement of a person from one place to another to visit and 
mesmerize the beauty of that place or to have fun. Moreover, the concept of traveling is considered 
a luxury and only people with higher income can afford this luxury.
Earlier our ancestors used to travel by sea routes as it was a convenient and most affordable medium 
but it was time taking. Due to, technological advancement we can now easily travel to any place without wasting 
time we can travel thousands of miles within a few hours.
Tourism is one of the most important and fastest-growing industries in today’s world that creates a lot of job opportunities. 
It generates a lot of revenue and adds to the economy of the country. 
Apart from generating jobs and revenue, it gives an opportunity for people of different countries and 
cultures to move and mingle with other cultures and social environments for the purpose of 
entertainment as well as professional purposes.

Work-
“Work is at the root of a meaningful life, the path to individual independence, and a necessity for human survival and flourishing. 
It is also the distinctive means by which men concretize their identity as rational, goal-directed beings.”
In an everyday society, work is a thing of a necessity in order to make a living. Work is not always on the basis of receiving an income, but could also be on the basis of doing unpaid work that is required of everyone. In work organisations, what we find is that work comes with its own struggles and control amongst the workforce. Work can be defined as “task-based activities for which people get paid for”, (Watson 2008:2). Giving work such a solid definition is inadequate, work can also be defined as an activity that requires effort or time spent finishing a task. In many workforce, work organisation and the division of labour is often determine by managerial control, throughout this essay the following will be discussed the struggle to control work, the different ways in which work is organised and the way in which managerial control is implemented.
